[Seungyeon] So, what is
it you're fighting for?
[Ilpyo] Seungyeon.
Why go through all this
just to get stronger?
[Ilpyo] Long ago, I made
a promise to someone.
Made a promise?
[Ilpyo] I'm fighting to make
sure I keep that promise.
I see.
Well then, you can't
afford to lose, huh?
[Referee] The match is over!
-Winner: Taek Jegal!
-Seungyeon!
(groans) I can...
keep fighting.
(scoffs) Such impudent
eyes aren't for a woman.
[Ilpyo] No, don't do it!
(stomp)
(screams) Stop!
With some rehabilitation,
you'll be able to walk again.
However, that's for your
martial arts future.
Seungyeon.
(slow, melancholic piano)
-Say you're sorry.
-(punches thud)
-Say you're sorry!
-Say you're sorry.
-(punches thud)
-Say it, say you're sorry!
Hey, what's going on here?
Tell Seungyeon you're sorry!
(door creaks)
God of High School?
Any wish granted?
-Ilpyo?
-Huh?
Oh, I was just thinking about
how to win tomorrow's match.
I mean, we're up
against Seoul's team.
We can't afford to lose this.
We have to win no matter
what, whatever it takes.
[Seung-Ah] Is that
really what you want?
Mori Jin.
You've been excited
about your match with him
for a long time.
What's important
now is that I win
and fix Seungyeon's leg.
My personal feelings
don't really matter.
(high energy electronic music)
♪ You make it look easy
♪ I'm thinking hard right now
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out
♪ You got me speechless
♪ Opening my mouth
♪ I was keeping a secret
♪ But the word got out
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold
♪ You're luring me out now
♪ Til the walls come down
♪ Yes, then you're no
♪ But I'm not
letting go, oh oh ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(high energy dubstep music)
♪ Contradiction
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(high energy dubstep music)
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold
♪ You're fast, then you're
slow, slow, slow, slow... ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
-♪ Yes, then you're no
-♪ I'll be your contradiction
[Mujin] All the Jeju team
members that you fought
were completely unrelated
people disguised as them.
Regardless of that,
it doesn't change the
results of the match,
so your team will still
proceed to the semi-finals.
Hold on, who's behind this,
and why did they do it?
Nox.
That's what they
call themselves.
(groans) Dammit!
Damn Mori Jin.
-(footsteps approaching)
-You're late!
What happened?
Where were you in my backup?
[Jegal] Yo dumbass.
I don't remember agreeing
to join your little gang.
I really only worked with
you because I wanted intel.
Why, you son of a...huh?
(screams)
[Jegal] The Key will be mine.
[Referee] We'll soon
begin our first match,
the Group A semi-finals,
the Seoul team versus
the South Jeolla team.
Are you ready?
Like I told you yesterday,
the first strike you land
will decide the match.
-Understand?
-Yeah.
Your suspension's been lifted,
and my sword was
given back to me.
Now we can fight
without holding back.
(gasp) What happened
to your face?
Just some secret training.
I guess I'm up.
[Referee] The first round:
Daewi Han versus Seung-Ah Park.
Ready? Go!
(kicks and punches thud)
(both grunt in exertion)
-(elbow colliding)
-(Daewi grunts in pain)
[Seung-Ah] He's
fast, I can't dodge-
[Ilpyo] There it is.
The first strike isn't
intended to do damage.
A hard thrust with
the heel of the hand
will throw the ear's
semicircular canal out of whack.
-(tinnitus ringing)
-You'll be knocked off balance.
Probably even have
trouble standing.
Daewi!
[Seung-Ah] Taekkyeon:
Cranium Fracture!
(cement cracks)
Nox?
[Mujin] They're a group that
believes in a certain god
and they don't accept the
existence of any others
but their own.
Their main intention is to
eliminate all other gods
and individuals who borrow
their power from the divine.
-Charyeok?
-[Mujin] Exactly.
They don't tolerate
the existence
of other charyeok users,
which is why they're so
focused on ruining GOH,
a gathering of youth.
Grandpa.
They kidnapped him.
They hoped to use Taejin
Jin's immense power
for themselves.
[Mori] I swear,
I'm gonna save him.
Don't bother trying.
You three are weak.
If you make any foolish moves,
we're the ones who will suffer.
You have to say it like that?
That said, if you're
able to win GOH,
there's a real chance
I'd be willing to impart
some pertinent information.
[Mori] So we just
have to win then.
Then we'll win for sure.
-(grunts with exertion)
-Whoa, is that...?
-(grip steaming)
-(grunts of exertion)
(battle cry)
[Referee] Seung-Ah Park is down!
That's enough, Seung-Ah.
Since your first strike
wasn't effective, it's done.
You can't beat him.
You have to withdraw
from the fight.
Seung-Ah!
Are you worried that I'm going
to end up like Seungyeon?
My decision to fight
is my own to make.
And now that I've
made up my mind,
whatever happens, I
won't regret anything.
I know in my heart,
Seungyeon feels the same way.
I'm... I'm...
[Man] And fight!
I am a martial artist!
I'll keep fighting 'til the end!
-(battle cries building)
-(punches colliding)
(Seung-Ah thudding
on the ground)
-[Referee] Winner: Daewi Han!
-(crowd cheering)
Daewi?
Was that...?
Were you watching?
I'll say one thing,
you don't have to win.
WE have to win.
As in all three of us.
Daewi...
He's right, we're a team.
So win or lose,
we do it together.
Never forget that.
Mira... (chuckles)
Yeah, you are totally right!
The three of us will win
this thing, no doubt!
-[Daewi] Hey!
-[Mira] Mori!?
Really?
-You always push too hard.
-Seungyeon?
Why...?
Seung-Ah told me everything.
She said you're participating
in this tournament
and explained why
you're doing it.
There's a lot I'd like to
say, but it doesn't matter.
Seung-Ah pretty much
said it all for me.
-Seungyeon, I wanted...
-Ilpyo,
I appreciate your
concern for my leg,
but you've got this
whole thing backwards.
Go fight, but make sure you
fight for what you want.
Your promise, you
should keep it.
[Ilpyo] I'm no match
for you two, am I?
[Seungyeon] Nope, not
since we were kids.
[Ilpyo] Thank you
Seungyeon, Seung-Ah.
Right, I'm good now.
It's my turn.
-(trembling)
-(panting)
[Mandeok] God,
grant eternal peace
to the soul of
this noble martyr.
[Mujin] Nice way
to shut people up.
You haven't changed,
Mandeok Sang.
[Mandeok] It's been a
long time, Mujin Park.
[Mujin] I never thought
you'd show up on your own.
[Mandeok] Well, I
wanted to help you.
You see, it's conflict
that draws out
one's latent potential.
That's why you started
this tournament, isn't it?
To awaken the sleeping Key.
Oh, but that won't be enough.
You're going to need a
far more powerful trigger.
(ominous music)
[Mujin] Fool.
I know exactly what your
people have in mind.
(chuckles) Well
then, how about this?
(light beam blasting)
[Referee] Coming up
in the second round,
it's Mori Jin versus Ilpyo Park!
I can tell, this is gonna
be a pretty good fight.
Let me just say one thing.
With your taekwondo as it is,
you'll never come
close to beating me.
(blade crashing)
[Mandeok] Ah, your
skills have improved.
Damn you!
(driving rock music)
-(both grunt in exertion)
-(punches and kicks thudding)
(punches and kicks colliding)
So there's your first weakness,
you're bad at close combat.
(frustrated groaning)
-Take that!
-(punches and kicks thud)
And your second weakness?
You telegraph all your attacks.
You're predictable.
[Referee] Ilpyo Park is putting
his overwhelming strength
on display tonight.
[Mori] Interesting.
Think you can defend
against this then?!
Mori Jin Original:
Twin Blue Dragon Kick!
Taekyyeon: Blazing
Cyclone Blade!
(attacks clash and explode)
-(gasps)
-(heavy breathing)
-Your third weakness,
your technique places too
much strain on your body.
So no matter how hard you're
trying, you can never beat me.
[Mandeok] You endure it
well, but it's all in vain.
Creation of Heaven and Earth!
(monks vocalizing)
-(doors opening)
-(monster growling)
Is that...
Is it God?
O God, exact divine
judgment upon these fools.
-(grunts)
(punches and kicks landing)
[Ilpyo] Is that it?
Is that all the
strength you've got?
This is Taejin Jin's grandson?
He must be disappointed
beyond belief.
You're weak, way too weak.
You're nothing!
-(punches and kicks landing)
-(yelps in pain)
[Mori] Think...
[Mujin] You three are weak.
[Mori] I swear,
I'm gonna save him.
-(kick colliding)
-I have to think.
How can I beat him?
If that's all the
strength you have,
you'll never make
anything happen.
-(kick thudding)
-(blood splashing)
Moonlight Sword
Style: Swordless!
-(gulping drink)
-[Hallyang] What a nice view!
-All right, you guys ready?
-(men cheering)
-Let's get started.
-[Hallyang] Ready?
Then let's play some music.
Wait, but that stance is...
-(kick thuds)
-(blood splashes)
My first weakness: close combat.
Conquered.
-Next up...
-[Ilpyo] It won't work!
(kick landing)
-First stance:
-(punch and kick colliding)
Black Tortoise!
He's using one of mine, too?
[Mori] Second weakness:
my prep's too obvious.
-Conquered.
-All right, not bad.
But what about your
third weakness?
Well actually, I'm
figuring that out now!
(various drums banging)
One of the Six,
National Treasure user
Hallyang Seo has arrived!
-(grenade launching)
-(lightning clapping)
-(gunfire)
-(arrows whizzing)
(gunfire)
Pretty good, but it'll
take more than that!
(fighting grunts intensifies)
You can still get stronger.
But first,
you've gotta unleash
everything you've got in you!
You know, it's almost
like Ilpyo's coaching him.
-(drums beating)
-(light beam sizzling)
(spear slashing)
-(punches colliding)
-(gulping drink)
-(monks chanting)
-(grunting)
-(scythe slashing)
-(monks screaming)
Twin Blue Dragon Kick!
Blazing Cyclone Blade!
(attacks colliding
and exploding)
-(struggling gasps)
[Mori] I can see it
now, thanks to you!
Mori Jin Original Three:
Blue Dragon Tempest!
Taekyyeon: Hellfire Blade!
(both grunt in exertion)
National Treasure
#1: Cleaving Cleanse!
(drum beating intensifies)
[Drummers] Hadon!
(blade shatters)
-(gasp)
-(collapsing sigh)
[Taejin] I'd like to
ask a favor of you.
This here is my grandson,
his name's Mori Jin.
Hi M-Mori.
He's a big heap of trouble
for such a little thing.
If you ever happen to
run into him anywhere,
would you mind teaching
them a lesson for me?
-(baby cries)
-(baby giggles)
(Ilpyo chuckles)
[Ilpyo] Taejin Jin,
your grandson has become
a very strong boy.
(heavy panting)
(Hallyang and drummers cheering)
(both gasping)
(Wind chimes)
But I can't... I can't
lose here either.
(vitals flatlining)
-His GP is negative one?!
-(crowd cheering)
Huh?
(electricity sizzling)
[Referee] Oh?
What's happening now?
(ominous music)
That power is...
(giggling) Finally.
The Key has awakened!
♪ When we're together,
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go up and
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we can
do this, believe ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide, we'll never lose
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams, you and me
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out,
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming
♪ We'll fight them all
together, not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win
♪ La la la, la la la la la
♪ 'Cause I know that we'll win
♪ We lift us up and we
help each other win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win
♪ La la la, la la la la la
♪ La la la, la, la
la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause I know that we'll win
♪ La la la, la, la la la la la